[Music]
hey youtubers my name is enjoy a
wonderful day and welcome to a weird
waitlisted featuring and the bed Ted
curly pops diffuser this is a really
cool product as we get into it but
before I jump into the review I really
want to let you know how much I
appreciate your prayers your
thoughtfulness your encouragement over
this past week it was a really rough
time for me we had a lot of death and
bad things happen to people that I love
and care about and so I needed to just
take a step back to be supportive for my
family and friends so I appreciate your
patience with me I appreciate just your
wonderful absolutely wonderful so it's
now time to redefine my new normal and
part of that is I really missed being
here talking to you on YouTube so I'm
ready to get back on the swing of things
and make some new videos and I wanted
something happy and the midst of all of
the chaos that has been kind of about
turning my life right now so on a happy
note the bed had curly pops diffuser
dryer this is a really really cool
product I found this for $29.99 at my
local h-e-b I have seen them in Ulta
stores as well as Walgreens I think was
the drugstore I saw grocery stores
depending on where you shop and then
obviously you know you can find them
online and things like that but I really
was intrigued by this product when I
have longer hair because obviously I do
want to cut my drying time a little bit
in the winter when it's cold and have
something a little bit more streamlined
now as far as this product is concerned
it is kind of like a traditional
hairdryer and you do have a three heat
set
so you have a hot a warm and a cool and
you also have that cold blast of air so
you can avoid frizz when you're done
styling your hairdo and as far as speed
you have a high a low and then an off
switch so just like a typical hair dryer
would I call this an end-all be-all hair
dryer no but it is a cool concept
because look at this swimline profile
this is very very easy to travel with
and if you have short curly hair like I
do this is worth checking out the model
on the box is shown with long hair and
she's making different waves and curls
in it and it's fine I personally would
not spend my time with a product like
this with long hair because the way I
use it is I turn it on to the hottest
setting on low speed and I basically use
this to scrunch into my hair because I
won't get the frizz that I would if I'm
constantly messing with my fingers so if
you have long hair I feel like you're
gonna be sitting there going you know
what I mean like we've all done the
whole hair dryer with the diffuser
attachment and it's just a big heavy
mass your hands are tired your wrists
are tired this is gonna be a similar
concept except it's just flat so you can
try it and maybe try drying this way do
the tops of your hair and that but if
you're actually using it to scrunch your
hair I feel like this would take just as
long as with a traditional diffuser and
if you're gonna go that route with long
hair get the diva curl edema diffuser
it's like a hand that comes off your
hairdryer it kind of looks like is it
Thing Thing from Adams family because
you have this like wow that just went
really far out there doing that but I
would go with the diva diffuser I also
have a where to wait listed on that
hairdryer attachment I will link that in
the description box below if you're
curious about another diffuser
attachment but as far as ease of
use and portability this is fantastic
for short hair I really have been
impressed with this and as soon as I did
cut my hair short because I've been
using this for a couple of weeks now
I absolutely deem it a fabulous addition
to my you know morning routine because
that literally I can dry my hair in less
than eight minutes with this and I have
very thick curly hair and I just take it
up like this go all over my head I'll
hang my head upside down to make sure I
get the volume my curls are voluminous
and they're not crunchy and the other
thing is I have noticed just a quick tip
when I ran it on the hottest setting at
the highest speed I still had to find
curls but they were kind of all over the
place so if you do pick up one of these
for yourself use the hottest setting
with the lowest speed you'll get
beautiful voluminous curls that are not
crunchy they're not kind of blowing all
over the place and when you're done
styling your hair put it on the coolest
setting and then hold this cold blast
down and then go over your hair to avoid
any additional frizz because you know we
haven't found all the frizz with the
curly hair so yeah that's about it
there is tourmaline in this hairdryer is
there not in any hair drawer we can buy
these days so it promises to protect
your hair you still have to be careful
because with any hair dryer you're gonna
cause damage to your hair so you know
just be mindful of things like that but
this is a very very cool product and
like I said you can find it in alta I
found this at my local h-e-b which is a
grocer here in Texas or I would also
look at Walgreens CVS and then online
you can find these on Amazon
use your Ebates or buy it directly from
the bedhead website so hope you guys
enjoy find something fun and new and
exciting for your hair care routine if
you're looking for something for your
short curls and if not just a really
cool concept for a hair dryer I must say
like bonus to bed
and so that's about it for now be on the
lookout because I've got project pan
update coming and pan that palette
challenge update holy cow we are already
there aren't we so and yes the loot ton
review I'm going to go on and get that
put together for you in case you were in
the market for a never whole and yeah
I'm just like I said thank you thank you
thank you for that love and support I am
slowly but surely getting back to new
normal so enjoy the rest of your day and
I look forward to seeing you very very
soon bye